# Car WIping System
The wiper is a basic component that clears rainfall or other water from the windscreen. Wipers are designed and manufactured to remove water from a vehicle's windshield. The majority of automobiles have two wipers on the windshield, one on the back glass, and one on each front light. The elastic edge, the wiper arm supporting the sharp edge, a spring linkage, and segments of the wiper turns are the wiper parts visible from the outside of the vehicle. Under the wiper, there are roughly six pressure focuses or paws, which are small arms.The structure uses the control tail to start the wiper, and the most common method of bringing it up is tough. The driver's concentration will be harmed by having to turn on and off the control tail. As a result, this framework is recommended to address such a wide range of challenges. This wiper framework is similar to other conventional wipers in concept, however it will be upgraded to a programmed control system by using a controller. Water activates the wiper engine when it comes into contact with a dedicated sensor on the windscreen. If the wiper isn't detected by the sensor, it will stop. This will help the driver focus more and reduce the chances of an auto collision.There were two improvements looked on in this assignment as the writing survey. The two were planned with different ideas and functional components, but with the same purpose of maintaining the vehicle wiper's working quality. The downpour sensor was a very flexible gadget for programming the cleaning of a vehicle's windscreen when it became wet due to moisture, rains, or even mud. It worked by reflecting friendly light pillars within the windshield. When rains fall on the windshield, this amicability light is disturbed, causing the light bar force to decrease. The framework then instructed the wipers to operate in full programmed mode. It creates 0.1-second reaction memories.It was considered a quick response when an abrupt sprinkling of water caused the motorist to go completely 'blind' when the event occurred. The driver can reduce the risk of an accident by using the scheduled wiper. The programmable wiper is useful in heavy traffic areas such as the city, school zone, and other public areas. A driver may face repeated interruptions due to bad weather, hazardous road conditions, and fatigue. The Rain Sensor lightened the driver's load by making driving more pleasant. Following a wet vehicle is no longer a bother, as even 0.005 millilitres of water can be found.

# COMPONENTS USED:
1. STM32F407 Discovery Board
2. Push Button
3. Resistors
4. LEDs
5. Power Supply


